Here is another attempt at reflection. So it's useful to see what would be the useful prompt for this message. I have 5% battery, so I hope my battery won't die. So, maybe how I feel. Maybe it's important that I start mentioning how I feel. I could even make templates in the web app that help you. So, reflecting, there are probably some questions that help. So it asks me some questions, and then I try to answer that. And if I don't answer them, because I don't know, then that's fine. And then the language model tries to figure out. So, it's just trying to fulfill the role of mental coach or something. And with business, with a business coach. And with sport, with a sport coach. Kind of like my personal coach in a way or something. Okay, never mind all of that. I'm going to start thinking out loud. So, I've been... I think I want to do this in English, just to practice. I feel like I'm still better at it in Dutch. But that's a good reason for me to start practicing. I felt a bit stressed the last couple of days, I think. I mean, it wasn't too bad, but it was like a 55% vibe. Ah, 60%. 60% vibe. But definitely some stress. And I think it's due to... I mean, I don't know what it's due to, but some thoughts I had were... I'm afraid to make mistakes. Oh, maybe that's also an interesting prompt. It's just interesting to... What do I want in my database? And what do I want to see afterwards? So, maybe one of the things I want in my database is... For example, in my journaling database. How I feel and how much energy I have. So, maybe those are interesting data points to extract. I get cheerfulness. Oh, I can even train GPT on my voice. So then it becomes personal. So then it becomes better at knowing how much energy I have. But these are all ideas that I can probably not implement. But maybe I can hide a backlog somewhere. And then just a backlog with ideas that would be cool if I find the time. But enough ideas about the app for now. It's easier to think when I'm doing something. So, first of all, I'm quite restless lately. I've had a hard time with doing nothing. But in a way that's due to just wanting to do a lot. There's just a lot of stuff that I find interesting at the moment. And that I would love to do if I have the time. I think it's all good. It's good to be restless. As long as I'm not... I mean, I need to stay healthy. And I just need to take care of myself. Restless, I think, is bad. A little bit of stress can help. As long as I can turn it off when I need to. I think that's important. What's important for that? I'm a bit afraid to make mistakes. I think. And... Yeah, I think I'm afraid to make a mistake with Das. I don't think I'm afraid to make a mistake. And also with my thesis. I'm not afraid to make a mistake. Actually, I think I'm pretty good with mistakes. I'm pretty good with just trying stuff. Yeah, also with practice. Trying new stuff. Failing with bouldering. With thesis. I mean... I don't love it. Sometimes I do, but sometimes I don't. I'm not afraid to ask dumb questions. To send something that I know is okay-ish. I think I'm like this with it. I think, maybe, the hypothesis. Something that I'm worse at is... Like... The feeling that I've not made the most of it. The feeling that I could have done this better. But I need to be careful with that. Because... Then I need to not start certain stuff. I only have one week in a week. And I have to sleep. So, if everything that I do, I want to do as good as I can. That means that I can only do so much. And... Yeah, it's kind of 80-20 as well. If I want to do everything I do for 100%. That means that I only can do a couple of things. And that's probably like a relationship. And work. I mean, if I really want to do it as good as I can. Like, do thesis as good as I can. I... Yeah, I don't know. Okay, let's finish my thought. Then I only can do a couple of things. Say, maybe work. And maybe exercising. And that's it. Not friends. Not a hobby project. Not the task opportunity. But I still don't really know what I'm going to get out of it. Because I now... I'm definitely not learning blogging. I'm not learning anything. Blogging. I'm not learning anything. I'm just making connections. Maybe that's what I've missed. Maybe that's what I should mention to Jor. Like, hey, I'm not learning anything. I think I find that important in my job. Like, learning. Like, time management and stuff. I think I'm okay with that. Project management. Time management. Like, I can improve a lot. I can improve a lot. But I'm okay with that. Like, that just as a practice by itself. That was cool doing my first job at Roar. And maybe... Doing HML. HML. I mean, I guess I can still learn to do a job well. While only spending so many hours per week on it. So be able to perform well while not having it always for 100% in my mind. But for that I think I need to be really organized. At least my head needs to be organized. So I know when to focus and also when to relax. So I don't get restless. So I think a challenge of this voice memo will be because it's quite all over the place. To make sure to know when I'm talking about what. So, I'm back. Now I'm getting really tired. So it's getting a bit harder. I should go to bed soon as well. It's crazy how much harder it is to have a late evening. I just get tired. I don't know why I didn't get tired younger. Oh, shit. That's odd. On the wall. Okay. I kind of like it. Yeah, I like it. It's a vibe. So, about me. I think I'm starting to like my English more. Just because I'm practicing it and I'm putting my attention to it. Attention is massive. Like really focusing on thinking and pronouncing everything English. Maybe it helps also to listen back to what I said. But I feel just by focusing on the English that my grammar is already becoming a lot better. And my pronunciation, which is a horrible word for me. It feels better. It feels more English. And I don't know if it's like American English. Maybe it's easy to choose an accent. To kind of just go for something, you know. That might make it more easier. Or British. And then maybe just have someone that I really like. Maybe just have someone that I really like. The way they talk. And I try to follow that accent. And I think it's not the British accent. But I think it's more an American accent. But now I'm really starting to kind of get an A. And I'm not Texas. I don't know what they say over there. Y'all. I don't know. But just going for my own accent. Okay, like be yourself, but not with language. With language it's really important to configure to the norm. Because for communication, people need... If I form my thoughts... My way of thinking, which is extremely personal. If I can conform that to a universal way of thinking. It means more people will probably understand what I think. Which is a really powerful thing. So I would love to practice that. Okay, but to come back on a point that I earlier made. I think it would be wonderful to... For some way... Because for example now I'm jumping all over the place with topics. And I'm doing little things in between. If it's possible for chatGPT to order. To group my statements. Maybe as a function. And then input is every sentence. And the output is paragraphs where all sentences of the same topic are grouped. And ordered chronologically in that group. I realized that my logical thinking from physics really helps. With software. I just need to get better at writing. And with general writing, my hobby project is the best way to learn that. Although I would like to get past setting up the server and the GitHub and that kind of stuff.
Yeah, I like the Python stuff to get a little bit more sophisticated. Yeah, oh yeah, I was at the communication stuff. Maybe even draw a tree, maybe some visual stuff, make a schematic drawing of my thoughts of this conversation or this monologue. It could be so interesting, a little bit more expensive, but I think money is not the problem. I think, I mean, so this thing will be like 20 minutes, it's 12 cents. If I do that once a day and then also some visual stuff, it's like a euro a week. Which is, I mean, there are a lot of things you pay more for. Spotify is like 10 a month, but then for families it's like 4 a month, but Netflix is like 10 a month. Everyone does that, so it provides like half the value of Netflix. I don't know if that makes sense, like economically, this line of reasoning. I would love to work this out, but I feel like I need to talk to Laurens, because in a way it's kinda like his idea. But I think we both benefit if we work on it separately, because I'm sure we'll have completely different needs. I don't think we work in the same space. I don't know if I want there people to join, because I would love the extra workforce, but I really want it to be my idea. So, I mean, I can be open about that. Maybe talk with Joni, say I have an idea and I would love people to join, but I would want it to stay my idea. And if there are some people that can develop, that would be crazy cool. But I don't know, for some reason I want to keep this only my project, my idea. And I feel like I have a clear vision, so maybe we just have to do some contract, is that how you call it? Some negotiations, like make some... Yeah, just agree on some stuff. Make some agreements and say like, hey, I want 70%. But I just don't think anyone is going to say yes to that. But I mean, in Dutch we say, if you never tie, you always lose. Kind of something like that. If you never shoot, you always miss. That's what we say, if you never shoot, you always miss. So, might worth a shot. It might be worth a shot. And also with doing the different stuff, I think I... Priorities are fluid as well. I would love to formalize everything, but it's not possible. It's not possible to say like, oh, 90% this, 80% that. Maybe I can be a little bit more formal with how I, or rigorous with how I spend my time. That I really say like, okay, between this and this time on this day, I just work on this. And then, I mean, and then sometimes I don't really feel like it. But those are moments you have to push through. Often, for example with thesis, often you just have to kind of like go through it. And there's a lot of stuff that I can work on. Like reading stuff, writing different stuff, like maybe cleaning some stuff, or like documenting code. If I really don't feel like doing something, there's a bunch of other things that I can do probably. There's what I'm trying to say with that is that I won't, I don't think I will like waste a lot of time. Force myself to, force myself more to work certain periods on certain projects. Project management, personal project management. Personal project management. Could be title of a blog. Personal time management, personal project and time management, something like that. Personal priority management. It's really close to like mental health. These two things are quite synonymous. I don't know, for me, maybe that's different for different people. Maybe some people have like self-confidence, self-esteem or something. So yeah, and I went to exchange in Berlin today, which felt good. It's also another project. But like I said, I think just from an altruistic point of view and kind of like a, I don't know, just the person I want to be. Point of view, like the legacy I want to leave. What's the proper way of saying that? The legacy I want to make, the legacy I want to have. Maybe also an interesting point is to state all the questions I asked and try to answer them for me. What you think is the answer for me. And then also list. And also, if I gave any answers to my own question, list them as well. Something like that. Made the language models. It's like crazy. Next token prediction. It's just our intelligence at the moment. And we need to steer it. We need to steer it. Intelligence, but it's still like human intelligence. Like it's trained on human knowledge. Like it thinks the way humans do. It thinks in language and it might conceptualize some stuff. But then still it does like concept prediction, next concept prediction. So it's a sequential model and next concept prediction. It's like all about prediction. What does it know about the past? What does it know about the past? Is there like a form of intelligence that is different than predicting the future? Is there some intelligence that I have by feeling the now? Like. Is there consciousness if you're constantly predicting the next frame of consciousness? I feel like, and it's kind of like the Joshua Bach model as well. Like more consciousness comes when I kind of leave the automatic. I know when I become more in the moment. Whatever that means. Some thoughts on intelligence. I don't know. I find the blogs weird. I find them really weird. I don't know what to do. And I need to talk to. I need to send. I need to show some initiative. I want to show some initiative. I should send. I want to send a message like, I don't know. I don't know what it is, but I don't feel inspired. I don't know what to say. I don't know. I'm just. I can't say that I am open to try to spend some time on just writing stuff on a personal note. But I don't know if I want to do that either. It's just, it can take so much time. It takes so much time. And I don't know how useful it is. Like if they convince me that it's really useful. Then, I mean, I enjoy doing it. So just imagine just one full day a week. Just sitting in the sun. Like sitting somewhere and like writing. And thinking, I mean, I would love that. I would love that. They have to convince me it's useful. Because I don't think I want to do something just. Because then I can work on my thesis. Then I can think and write about my thesis. I only want to do something that I really, when I really add something. And otherwise, I'm happy to just like kind of bandwagon my way into the OpenAI headquarters. Okay, I think that's it for now. I should be going to bed. I really enjoyed this. I had a lovely time. And I definitely did some good thinking, I think. However, I think I'll probably, I forgot most of it by tomorrow. Like it really helps if you kind of look over it again. It really helps if you kind of look over it again. Even if it's like once tomorrow morning. Like what did I say yesterday? Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. Like sleep a night about it. Like the power. That's a fun like app name. Like sleep, sleep on it. Sleep on it. Because then you start a niche. A niche and from there you can expand. Because I have a bunch of efficient things. Yeah, I really need to make a backlog or like a project plan page. Maybe business canvases and stuff. Maybe I can copy some of the spot page. Like the white spot notion page. Okay, that's it. Drums out. Have a good night. I'll definitely enjoy my sleep. Dick kiss. Doei.
